++ Ak'anon

good Ak'anon music: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-fkM4K_26U
                    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9oTQzwXYXk

Ak'anon is a busy bustling city of gnomes. It once, long ago started as a small island, and their mechanations and city expanded to encompass the entire island until there was no more land visible. It's a very busy and bustling place, the shape of the city often changes from day to day as mechanisms shift things around, but and local gnome is well accustomed. Foreigners tend to have difficulty navigating, especially since most things are sized for gnome usage.

The small island that Ak'anon is built upon has been turned into a mine that many rare metals are mined from. Including trace amounts of a [Materials] called Etherium. The magical properies of it power much of the city as well as small devices that are invented and crafted here.

When an expected ship arrives to Ak'anon, the city can open up to reveal the internalized port for docking vessels.

Ak'anon is well guarded by cannons and high walls. 
-alleys are 12 ft tall, 10ft wide, open-topped, 80ft long
-rooms are 10ftx10ft, open-topped
-lower dock clearance is 4ft-6in
-inner circle can rotate (low-pitch horn is sounded before rotation)
-outer circle can rotate (high-pitch horn is sounded before rotation)
-walls can be raised from the floor between rooms

Ak'anon is not lead by a single ruler, but a council of influencial individuals.
    -Calwin (F), master shipwright and head of international trade
    -Bribis (F), master smelter and head of mining operations
    -Lanziver (M), architect of city construction
    -Zilkas (M), master of etherium constructs and machinery
    -Ummorn (M), leader of defence and security (guards use crossbows and daggers) (Killed by evil group)
    -Briyur (F), master of the arts
    -Sellys (F), head provisions organizer
    
Ak'anon has no wildlife, as there is no "wilderness"    
    
There are many points of interest in Ak'anon:
-Dock Area has a 4ft clearance, filled with crates and busy gnomes
-The Giant's Peak (bar/inn for travelers) - no food - Frug(M)
    -8s per night ( comfortable )
    -common wine - 2s
    -fine wine - 10g
    -ale - 2s
-Bottled Inginuity (bar/inn for local gnomes) - Duvamil(F) 
    -common wine - 2s
    -ale - 2s
    -see below food vendors for food
-Food vendors
    -fish - 5cp per lb
    -imported meats - 3sp per lb
    Zook - vegetables from Augsburg
      -imported vegetables - 3 sp per lb
    Eldon - exotic
      -imported cheese - 1sp per lb
-Inventor's shop "Namfoodles Bamboozlements" - [Namfoodle](M)
-Crafting [Materials] shop "Craftsman's Canvases" - [Orla](F)
-Crafting Tools shop "Artisan's Enablers" - [Shamil](F)
-Alchemist's shop "Potent Portables" (pg 187 of DM book) - [Gimble](M)  
-Blacksmith "Erky's Small Arms and Armor" - [Erky](M)   
-Enchanter's shop "Betterific" - [Breena](F)
-Militia Barracks 
  -Potion Theft at large 
  -Betterific Theft at large
  

++++Underground
[Ak'anon Mines]        

        