++ Akuma Fruits

Devil fruits are said to be made from energy of the gods that the god [Tharizdun] then placed inside of fruits to play with mortals. Mortals are rarely able to handle the powers obtained by these fruits, but for those who do, great power can sometimes be bestowed. Many people don't believe in the existence of these fruits, that instead people are just naturally talented wizards instead. The general curse known by all who have consumed these is the innability to function in the ocean.  

When Acquiring a new akuma fruit, the type of fruit is the result of a D6 roll by the player:
6   Logia
4-5 Paramecia
1-3 Zoan
Then choose random fruit type from the respective list using any appropriate method (usually dice roll)

Characters who have consumed an akuma fruit are no longer able to swim, and are weak to sea-stone weapons and objects

LOGIA
1. Fire element
2. Gas element
3. Lightning element [Kanishk] at the [Tharizdun Cultist Camp] in the [Shadowfell]
4. Sludge element [Letho]
5. Iron element [Eglath Kalagiano]
6. Glass element [Robert Culliford] - Killed in Evil group
7. Ice element [Aokiji]
8. Light Element [Kizaru]
9. Gold element
10. Wood element [Grogar] - vulnerable to fire, resistance to blugeoning, (oak/mohoganny/pine/maple/walnut)
11. Glue element
12. Crystal element
13. Shadow element 
14. Etherium element [Venril Sathir]
15. Ethereal (exists in material and Ethereal plane simultaneously)
16. Alternate Reality Attunement [Callistege] 

ZOAN
1. Bear - Triggered by anger - (consumed by [Croaker]) (use pg 208 in monster book)
2. Ginko - Triggered by sloth
3. Blue Footed Dodo - Triggered by hilarity (consumed by [Grogar] )
4. Mouse - Triggered by shyness - [Kyra]
5. Wolf - Triggered by anger (consumed by [Tessa])
6. Mammoth - Triggered by resolve
7. Falcon - Triggered by intellect
8. Ilzie  - Triggered by confusion
9. Iksar - Triggered by intellect (consumed by [Edan])
10. Human - Triggered by social
11. Turtle - Triggered by defensive (consumed by Kharl, a [Don Kreig] Leutenant)
12. Dragon - Triggered by rage - (consumed by [Krieger]) (use young bronze dragon pg 108 in monster book)
13. Dog - Triggered by following orders
14. Cat - Triggered by thinking less of others

PARAMECIA
1. Yesterday - The things that happen to the consumer will occur to their body 24 hours from the time they occur.  - [Queen Kallista Damaia]
2. Resurrection - guarantees the user a second chance at life. User respawns as ghost in random location in world upon death.
3. Sight - allows user to see ALL spectrums of light. Thus night is perfectly lit up due to cosmic lights for example.
4. Pillow - The user's body can absorb any and all blunt force.
5. God Creator - The user sometimes turns inanimate objects into gods that speak to them, and no one else.
6. Nutritious - The user no longer needs to eat or drink to live. Can also bestow nutritious properties to any object/material as well as cleansing toxic ingredients or chemicals. Immune to food poisoning. (consumed by [Junarth Quon])
7. Smelly - The user can assume any scent of whatever potency desired, or spread this scent onto other objects. (consumed by [Kieran Maon])
8. Rough - The user can make their skin extremely rough, much like sandpaper.
9. Solid [Jacobson] - The user can control the desnsity of their body from normal human to unscathably dense.
10. Door - can open most surfaces as if it was a hinged door. 
11. Love - huge buffs to bluff rolls, seduction rolls, and most other social things.
12. Repel [Oliander] - can repel objects from one's self with great force.
13. String - can create near invisible strings between objects
14. Separation - body can deteach and reatach and be reconfigured at will, immune to being cut
15. Unlucky [Redbeard The Unlucky] - bring poor luck to one's self and everyone around them. -1 to all rolls
16. Projection - the user's body becomes a vegetable that no longer needs to breathe or eat, and instead, the user's presence is now projected by an image (can only interact with magical objects) [Leeran]
17. Life Storage - the user is able to store thier own or other creature's life forces into objects, with explosive results [Regdar]/[Regdars Radiant Hilt]
18. Reflection - Damage dealt to others by self     is dealt to self instead
               - Damage dealt to self by self       is dealt to the thing in front of the character (range applies)
               - Damage dealt to self by others     is dealt to the other
               - Damage dealt to others by others   is dealt to self 

THARIZDUN REBORN
1. Feather - the user nor anything they are in direct contact with weighs anything
2. Speech - the user's voice becomes a loud booming voice that can be heard for up to a mile away, every time they speak, roll CON DC 18 or be deafened (pg 290 of players handbook) [3 Helms Deep]
3. Jointed - has an additional 2 elbows and an additional 2 knees along the length of thier arms and legs respectively [3 Helms Deep]
4. Headless - the users's head sinks into thier shoulders and down to thier chest, unable to wear headgear anymore, and armor hinders vision if it previously covered the chest [3 Helms Deep]
5. Metal Allergenist - Iron/Steel causes a rash, Platinum causes muscle spasms, Gold causes sneezing, Silver causes nausia, Copper causes hiccups, Dimeritium causes nothing, Etherium causes a blackout
6. Tasty - the user's body has a delectible flavor like a sugary desert, attacts an abnormal amount of bugs and wildlife to them self based on the scent
7. Stomach of Holding - the user's stomach takes on the traits of the bag of holding, and thusly no longer needs to pass food, but still gets hungry like normal.
8. Dry - the user's body loses all moisture, turning them into a prune, but this causes no discomfort. Consumed water dissapears. The user does not get thirsty, though they still get hungry as usual. [3 Helms Deep]
9. Portal [Grogar]- the user and a random unfortunate person on the material plane become forever linked by a portal that is now the back side of thier torso. Thier back appears as normal, but anyone or anything can pass through it to the back of the other individual. They cannot pass through thier own portal.
10. Foot Recognition - can't differentiate any person from another unless they are barefoot.
11. Bean Sprout - accasionally buds magic beans randomly on body (pg 152 DM book)
12. You Are What You Eat - when the fruit is eaten, the person becomes the last person to have eaten the fruit. 
                           when the person is eaten, they become the fruit, REPEAT [3 Helms Deep]
13. Upside Down - The consumer's eyes now view the world as if it were upside down (-4 DEX, no longer proficient in Acrobatics)
14. Spin - All joints of the users body can rotate as if on an axel.                      
15. Self Puppet - the consumer is forced out of thier body into the deep ethereal plane and cannot re-enter thier body. They can however grab it and move it manually while thier body is still alive.               