++ Cave of Gorda

the Cave of Gorda is a layered onion-like dungeon where each layer is progressively more dangerous, where eventually at the end is the banished [Tiamat]

+LAYER 1
a rather timid layer, currently used as a shelter for wild Draft Horses (pg 321) that roam the island.
The path inward is blocked by a large boulder (STR 30 check to move)

+LAYER 2
(lighting is dim, still able to see with the light from the entrance)
Once removed, a long path that goes downward is behind the boulder. (200ft down, 400ft long, 20ft wide) 
Mushrooms and other large boulders are found in here.
When the end is reached, a stone door is found and when touched a loud rumbling will come from where the adventurer's came.
-Galeb Duhr x5 (pg 139)

The door has the Celetial language rune for "[Tiamat]" upon it.

+LAYER 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a483kj0sR4c
This layer is accessed if the stone door is smashed (HP 50, AC 16)

(darkvision required to see or other means of light)
inside is a network of ancient elven ruins 

in a large chamber (50ft by 50ft) will be 5 pedistals with 3 Elven Mummys (pg 228) each, all in a sitting meditation position.
Another more decorated Elven Mummy Lord (pg 229) sits meditating in the middle of the 5 pedistals
(15 mummies and 1 lord)
(use mummy lord lair rules on pg 228-229)

Pedistals have the following finely cut Elemental Gems (pg 167) upon them:
-Blue Diamond
-Yellow Diamond
-Ruby
-Emerald
-Black Saphire

Removing any one gem will awaken the mummies, who then focus on the person(s) with the stolen gem.

+LAYER 4
The area of the stone floor where the Mummy Lord sat again bears the Celetial language rune for Tiamat.
When smashed (HP 50 AC 16), it crumbles and falls into a deep dark 300ft pit.
The base of the pit is 120ft by 120ft where at the bottom sleeps [Tiamat], chained to the walls, chains strengthed by the Mummys meditating above unless they were disrupted. 

If Tiamat becomes visible, characters each must pass the Frightful presence of DC 26 WIS or be frightened.

Tiamat remains resting unless disturbed however.
(BATTLE)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TsNlhUxwGjU

