++ Luthadel

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwToTZc9qOk&t=1250s

A dark gloomy city in [Norrath] 
Luthadel is ruled by the God King [Venril Sathir]
Speaks Draconic, common, dwarvish, elvish

Next in the heirarchy are [Steel Inquisitor]s, who have undergone a transformation to make them more dragonlike. They are lawful evil and are responsible for keeping order in luthadel. Can sense magic.

A strong nobility of [Iksar] live here, almost all of them own slaves, a mixture of other common races, called Skaa as a slur.
Primarily speak Draconic, but speak common to Skaa.
(use Lizardfolk pg 204 of monster handbook)

Skaa are the poor people, often enslaved conquored people, or prisoners who are non-iksar common races. (commoners)
Many live in underground criminal thieving groups, that are saught by the heavy eyes of Steel Inquisitors

20ft tall walls
100ft clearcut around the walls

++++Major noble houses:
[House Salazar](rich, powerful, largest militarized nobility, does specialized assassination work) 
[House Zasheir] (rich, mining mithril and "other" (etherium) metals with hundreds of skaa)
[House Zolis] (rich, farming plantations with hundreds of slave skaa)
[House Stayanoga] (rich, inter-continental trade employs many skaa)
 
++++Areas of interest:
several market areas run by skaa
    -squalor level food stalls
    -squalor level inns
    -general supplies
       -clothes, shoes, brooms, other house supplies
city square
    -where occasional public executions happen
    -weenie: [Execution of Quaal]
++++Temple of the [Order of Steel]   
    -main one by the God King's Palace where [Head Bishop Skarjun] resides
        -underneath the stone slab floor, buried for centuries is a 20ft by 20ft red cube portal to the [Acheron] realm.
++++Skaa Temple North
     8 [Steel Inquisitor]s and many Brothers from the [Order of Steel]
       -holding place of the mortal who ascended to godhood, [Velsharoon]
       -Velsharoon's skull is shown on display begind dimeritium bars in the main sanctuary, it has an etherium inlay engraved into it. 
       -The rest of his remains are buried underneath the stone slab of the building.
       -Placing a ring of spell storage to the skull will infer a charge of the mass suggestion
           -if [Venril Sathir] is dead, this will only have 3 charges until [Velsharoon] animates
++++Skaa Temple South
     8 [Steel Inquisitor]s and many Brothers from the Order of Steel
       -resting place of the god [Vaprak] who is fused into a 15ft tall by 10ft wide block of dimeritium with abdomen exposed. The block has an etherium inlay all around the abdomen
       -Placing a ring of spell storage to the abdomen will infer a charge of regeneration
       -the dimeritium is unbreakable until [Venril Sathir] is slain

-[The God Kings Palace] (use associated dungeon map)
-[Dallben the Vegetable]'s house   
-Concealed Back Alley Mage Teleportation Circle 

-Grand Docks
    -5 Metal [Order of Steel] warships are docked here, each one has up to 5 [Steel Inquisitor]'s aboard
    -administered by a order of steel brother that works from a nearby building.
    -2ish skaa per ship are responsible for keeping the boats wiped down and clean.

Luthadel Black Market merchants:
  -Iggy, half-orc F (strong woman able to carry wares to sell)
     -Etherium Ingot - 400g (1 lb ingots)
     -Mithril Ingot - 200g (1 lb ingots)
     -Platinum - 600g (1 lb ingots)
  -[Emmik], old human, M (poor wizard that can summon loafs of bread)
  -[Quaal]'s Feather Tokens (Human, M)
  -[Leeran] human, his shop is similarly located in a back alley that slopes down, a similar ward is in place, as well as permenant invisibility to any creature that has a hint of Iksar blood in them.
  -[Callistege] human jeweler (f), makes items on requests, never carries any with her.
  -[Matkina] rogue mage to makes a living stealing from nobles, a follower of [Hadar]

There are several groups of criminal skaa in Luthadel, one such group had close ties with [Renegade Leader Kelsier] who in recent history made an escape from [Kunark] with about 50 refugee skaa. A smuggler, [Dockson] was responsible for getting in touch with the [Golden Hand] who helped turn the tide and allow their escape.
Other members of this group include: (use DnD thug pg 350)
    -[Clubs] human, a weak wizard who has the ability to conceal magic
    -[Spook] halfling, a weak wizard who has the ability to detect magic
    -[Ham] half-orc fighter
    -[Dockson] halfling smuggler rogue
    -[Breeze] elf, a weak wizard who can quel emotion
To be contacted, one must go to the butcher's shop at the southern skaa market, and ask for a "Hunk of beef" while tapping a pattern on the counter:   - - - - <pause> - - - - <pause> 
then you'll be told it won't be ready for a while but you can wait inside. Proceed, and you will be concealed and allowed access to go inside and head to the sewers through the far-side cupboard. Leading to the group's hideout.

