++ Trail of the Mighty Skunk Bear

The Hunter [Nanerdar] of [Nowa Huta] has recently caught the scent of a new bear in the woods he calls the Skunk Bear

He imagined at first that the bear had gotten a hefty dose from a run in with a skunk, but those smells tend to clear up after a couple of weeks.

It's paws have left the largest bear tracks he's ever seen!

The group could be pointed to the north where [Nanerdar] has been smelling the bear

While traveling and tracking around this area of the woods, they have the possibility of running into [Clarence]'s hideout.
-Nature or Perception DC 18 to spot the entrance



[Letho] - The Giant Bear
Huge beast

Armor Class 14 (natural armour)
Hit Points 126 
Speed 50, climb 30, swim 30

STR	    DEX	    CON	    INT	    WIS	    CHA
23 (+6)	10 (+0)	21 (+5)	8 (-1)	14 (+2)	10 (+0)
Skills Perception +6
Senses passive Perception 16 
Challenge 9 (5,000 XP)
Keen Smell. The bear has advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on smell.

Immune:  Piercing/Bludgeoning/Slashing/Poison

Vulnerable: Fire

++++ACTIONS
Multiattack. The bear makes three attacks: one with its bite and two with its claws.

Bite. Melee Weapon Attack: +10 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 13 (2d6 + 6) piercing damage.

Claw. Melee Weapon Attack: +10 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 19 (3d8 + 6) slashing damage. If the target is a Large or smaller creature, it must succeed on a DC 18 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.

++++Sludge Actions
(when cut, sludge comes out and instinctively attacks with it)
Sludge Throw - 2D6 Acid, +8 TH, 1 per turn, 40/80ft range, -1 AC on hit
Sludge Wave - 20ft radius is difficult terrain (2 additional steps), -1 AC per turn in it
Sludge Grapple -10ft reach, 2d6+3 Acid per turn while grappled, -1 AC per turn while grapped 



++Story if [Letho]'s True Polymorph is dispelled

Uhg, I hate people.
And I hate that Dwarf!
And I hate that horned witch!
AAAHG!
(nearby dryads will attempt to charm Letho to calm him, rant will continue if letho passes the check)
(whispers in the wind can be heard of the dryads trying to inform [Queen Kallista Damaia] Perception DC 15)