++ Akuma Fruits

Devil fruits are said to be made from energy of the gods that the god [Tharizdun] then placed inside of fruits to play with mortals. Mortals are rarely able to handle the powers obtained by these fruits, but for those who do, great power can sometimes be bestowed. Many people don't believe in the existence of these fruits, that instead people are just naturally talented wizards instead. The general curse known by all who have consumed these is the innability to function in the ocean.  

When Acquiring a new akuma fruit, the type of fruit is the result of a D6 roll by the player:
6   Logia
4-5 Paramecia
1-3 Zoan
Then choose random fruit type from the respective list using any appropriate method (usually dice roll)

Characters who have consumed an akuma fruit are no longer able to swim, and are weak to sea-stone weapons and objects

LOGIA
1. Fire element
2. Gas element
3. Lightning element
4. Sludge element
5. Iron element
6. Glass element [Robert Culliford]
7. Ice element [Aokiji]
8. Light Element [Kizaru]
9. Gold element
10. Wood element
11. Glue element
12. Crystal element
13. Shadow element [Gecko Moria]
14. Etherium element [Venril Sathir]

ZOAN
1. Bear - Triggered by anger
2. Ginko - Triggered by sloth
3. Blue Footed Dodo - Triggered by hilarity
4. Mouse - Triggered by shyness
5. Wolf - Triggered by anger
6. Mammoth - Triggered by resolve
7. Falcon - Triggered by intellect
8. Ilzie  - Triggered by confusion
9. Iksar - Triggered by intellect (consumed be [Edan])
10. Human - Triggered by social
11. Turtle - Triggered by defensive
12. Dragon - Triggered by rage

PARAMECIA
1. Yesterday - The things that happen to the consumer will occur to their body 24 hours from the time they occur.  
2. Resurrection - guarantees the user a second chance at life. User respawns as ghost in random location in world upon death.
3. Sight - allows user to see ALL spectrums of light. Thus night is perfectly lit up due to cosmic lights for example.
4. Pillow - The user's body can absorb any and all blunt force.
5. Spin - All joints of the users body can rotate as if on an axel. 
6. Nutritious - The user no longer needs to eat or drink to live. Can also bestow nutritious properties to any object/material as well as cleansing toxic ingredients or chemicals. Immune to food poisoning.
7. Smelly - The user can assume any scent of whatever potency desired, or spread this scent onto other objects. (consumed by [Kieran Maon])
8. Rough - The user can make their skin extremely rough, much like sandpaper.
9. Solid [Jacobson] - The user can control the desnsity of their body from normal human to unscathably dense.
10. Door - can open most surfaces as if it was a hinged door. 
11. Love [Boa Hancock] - huge buffs to bluff rolls, seduction rolls, and most other social things.
12. Repel [Kuma] - can repel objects from one's self with great force.
13. String [Don Flamenco] - can create near invisible strings between objects
14. Separation [Buggy The Clown] - body can deteach and reatach and be reconfigured at will, immune to being cut
15. Unlucky [Redbeard The Unlucky] - bring poor luck to one's self and everyone around them. -1 to all rolls
16. 