++ Arabasta

A desert island that once was home to a weathly city of [Esna]. It was recently ruled by the [Queen Larissa] 

Arabasta, known for it's wealth became a prime target [Don Kreig], who raided it with great force has crowned himself in recent history. Imprisoning the former Queen within her own prison.

The wilderness of Arabasta is dry, hot, and without something to drink, an adventurer must make a constitution save of DC 10 each day or gain a point of exaustion.
Monstrous skeletons of ancient creatures can occasionally be found in the desert. Sometimes creatures turn them into their shelters.

Wildlife:
  Camel  (pg 320)
  Flying Snake (pg 322)
  Giant Constructor Snake (pg 324)
  Giant Scorpion (pg 327)
  Giant Vulture (pg 329)
  Purple Worm (pg 255)

[Esna] is a seaside city whose architecture is finely masoned from the locally found sandstone. 

++++Places of Interest
Coloseum
    the large coloseum also houses [Don Kreig] who has recently taken up the position of king, by force.
    players may find themselves invited to fight in the coloseum against Don Kreig's thugs, (reward 20 gold per fight won)
    if a person is undefeated, Don Kreig may challenge them.
    Don Kreig's quarters have a chest with 4000 gold in it.
    
Palace
    the main gathering place for all of Don Kreig's brutish men who bask in the luxurious surroundings, getting heavily drunk off of
    the large stash of wine in the cellars below. 

Port
    Houses usually about 8 to 10 vessels of Don Kreig's fleet. Each with a respective Leutenant.
    Most are Keel boats except for Don Kreig's Warship. (mounted with 6 cannons)
    Slaves here work hauling recently stolen goods to warehouses in the market area.
    
Market Area
    If you're one of Don Kreig's men, it's pretty much a take whatever you need from warehouses type of market.     

Former Barracks
    A holding place for prisoners, including former [Queen Larissa] and other nobles from the previous government.

++++Desert Place of Interest
Buried underneath the sands out in the seeming middle of nowhere of Arabasta is an elven ruin where ancient druids sealed the god [Kord].
The entrance bears Kord's symbol, a sword with a lightning bolt cross guard, etched into ancient elven masoned stonework. 
It has a glowing druidic script of "If raveled what is raveled, misfortune will be had by all"
Breaking this stone will open up the ruins where the Stone of Kord can be found. The general layout of the dungeon is a long and large passageway (25ft across) that goes for 500ft until reaching a 50ft by 50ft room that has a dormant Galeb Duhr. 
    Dungeon Creatures:
    -Galeb Duhr (pg 139) (when defeated, the [Stone of Kord] can be found within)
    -Bone Naga (Guardian) (pg 233)
    -Giant Spider (pg 328)