++ Augsburg

A nice fresh smell of a calm farming lifestyle. The land here is flat and fertile. The people here work hard to tend to it, various crops are grown here including corn, wheat, lettuce, beans and potatoes.  Fishing is also a common practice here, as there are no raised livestock for meat in people's diet. The whole island probably is large enough to contain 30 crop fields run by several different farming families.

Interesting places in the town include the Crying Clam that everyone is current located, market square, the marine outpost, the shipping docks, the restaurant Greg's Grub, and the mayor's house.


Entities of interest:
-Marine Outpost: with 5 marines. Located near the docks so they can keep an eye on their small vessel (sailboat). 
    -Recruitment poster: "we want YOU! Help defend justice!"
	-Marine vessel: not armed for combat, but is built sturdy for traveling far on the ocean.
		Type: sloop
	-Wanted posters in front of the marine outpost: see [Marines] page

-Docks:  run by Dock Master Mc Rock a task oriented person who likes to meet his deadlines. He is currently working on building another fishing boat for the town. 
	-Dock Master Mc Rock will attempt to give strong characters (14+) some work in order to finish the boat by tomorrow, this will consume the rest of the day for the character. (+2 silver per point of strength is earned) 

-Market Square: Merchants include:  
	Grocer for common foods and herbs. Run by Anabel, the mayor's daughter.
		-fish, corn, bread, potatoes, beans, herbs(dandelion, thistle)	
	Farming Supply for tools and hardware supplies. Run by Lenny, a common man.
		-pitch forks, scythes, tilling tools, seeds, hammers, nails
	Pawn Shop for odd items. Run by the weird Mr. Maej, resembling a hunchback. (an "eye" for the [Crones of Neriak])
		-Used swords, Used shields, music boxes, jewelry, rare seashells.
	Fishing Supply for fishing supplies. Run by Henry, a common man. 
		-nets, rods, bait, sails, rope. 
	News Stand run by a child named Gabe 
-Greg's Grub a small restaurant run by Greg. Serving various type of fish and vegetables. Greg is an entrepreneur who believes in the fabled "All Blue" that has all a chef could ever want.
-The Crying Clam a small bar that serves a few imported alcoholic beverages. Operated by Dave, a relaxed fellow.	
-Mayor Ubring's House: This is the major's house, he's a jolly man who enjoys the peaceful life of Augsburg. He has a son who works as a Dockworker, Jordan, and a daughter who works the town's Grocer, Anabel. In a safe located in his room, an Akuma Fruit can be aquired. Lockpicking difficulty 25 is needed to open it. Only the mayor has the combination. 


History:
Town was raided by a ship from [Don Kreig]'s fleet. Many homes were burnt down.