++ Evil Group Notes

[3 Helms Deep]
[Evil Group Crew]

+++CALENDAR
1234567
XXXXXXX XXXXXXX
XXXXXXX XXXXXXX
XXXXXXX XXXXXXX
XXXXXXX XX

++++Evil Session 2 Notes:
The crew had supplied food to tide over the refugee camp for a few days before they persuaded the [Marines] to let them join along when they departed.

[Edan] started a fight that resulted in the death of the [Golden Hand] mercenary band that helped the refugee camp, as well as losing [Renegade Leader Kelsier] in the process.

++++Evil Session 3 Notes:
the group set sail, west to wherever the [Marines] were headed. They commandered the boat from them via murder, and also killed the fugitive [Redbeard The Unlucky] that they had on board.

The next day, they broke out of the fog into a clear day, where they unfortunately encountered a boat of [Don Kreig]'s men that has just ransacked [Augsburg], on board, they had the prisoner [Dockson]

[Dockson]: Befriended
sold boat for 2400

++++Session 4 notes:
story to marine officers of mayara:
redbeard probably overthrew the marine boat and murdered them, then went on to join Don Krieg's men. They attacked the party five days east of Fiore. Badges have been returned. 

Edan gives his name with Elisha the exotic food vendor.

slew the snoody carpenter's guild member.

40 population of refugee camp now - SLAUGHTERED

sold refugee vessel for 2600
encountered harris flenre

200g to Dockson to buy a diamond & blacksmith tools & brewer supplies & woodcarving tools & alchemist & disquise kit

Kerri 25g => Temple of Elysium 
        
++++Session 6? Notes:     
asked around augsburg for Kerri, spoke with Greg and came up empty.

recruited Borivik who has lost his wife to slavery via Don Kreig's men.
looking for Lander, a dockworker who has a thing out for Don Kreig.

+++++Session 7 notes:
traveled back to fiore after defeating [Rex The Smasher] at sea

+++++Session 8 notes:
 acquired left arm of [Tharizdun]
 acquired 3 wolf pups, 1 full grown one
 
 1 + 6 gnomes (bandit captain) (including security council member)
 1 Rimardo human - Fiore noble 40hp 16 AC +6 to hit, 1D8+3, 2 attack

 ++++Session 9 notes:
 burned down a fisherman's house near the north dock. knocked out the fisherman. carved "Mohogany" in the arm of the fisherman.
  
 attacked by a pursuing marine vessel and killed the 10 men and officer
 
 Prisoners:
 gnome councilman Ummorn - killed
 gnome guard - killed
 marine officer [Ivor Chernin] - killed
 fisherman - thrown overboard
 
 ++++Session 10 notes:
the North dock will have 20 [Marines] + Captain [Bran C'Num] + Officer [Artin Torbera] 
4 trained gnomish guards (thugs)

++++Session 11 notes:
Wagers: Taman- new guy kills 3 or less- 10
       Vulcan- new guy kills 4 or more- 30
       
8 town guard + Rimardo on top the west wall.
-Rimardo was killed
8 town guard + 2 + Dock Master at south gate  

group took over the west wall.     

++++Session 12 notes:
Group of nobles coming from the noble quarter to the west wall:
[King Jor Doken]
-8 town guard 

Group that is stealthily placed on rooftop closer to the center of town
Officer [Shava Caelynn]
-4 [Marines]      

Last group to arrive from the south on the ground, melee:
-8 town guards

Other Events:
-[Martin Terratio] and [Kerri] escape through the south wall when it's known where the party is.
-[Elisha Vanesson] will be in an alley bawling her eyes out after witnessing the murders at the west wall. (Slain)

Slew [King Jor Doken], [Elisha Vanesson] and [Shava Caelynn] and many guards, citizens have fled

++++Session 13 notes:
the next time the group goes to sea for an extended periods of time, they will encounter an [Order of Steel] Warship. 
 A large, black-steel made ship with spiked and jagged architecture. This ship has no sails. It is powered by an Etherium core (orb with runes that match Edan's orb with Runes), that when focused upon by a magically attuned "captain", can control the ship's movement.
 - 4 [Steel Inquisitor]s
 - 6 Brothers
 - 3 cannons - left, right and front (pg 255 DM handbook)
 
 human and elf w/ dagger (carpenter)
 1 elf (breaking) and 2 human carpenters in guild
 2XX humans, 1 Xdwarf at herbalist looting "Mahogany, No Looting, By new king's decree"
 Yanny McLoughin released
 Looted Shirrong's Anvil from the Blacksmith
 4 servants - 3 F (44,42 21 Marta) 1 M
 Gold left in cook's room, Gold left with servants
 
 4 archers and 10 masons bunker down in the mason's guild over night.
 
went out to fight the Steel Inquisitor warship, slew the 4 Steel Inquisitors on board

++++Session 14 notes:
orb thrown overboard north-east of mayara

4 griffons found back at the north dock

[Royal Armoror Grix] stayed loyal
age 21 servant stayed loyal (Marta)
1 servant from the palace stayed loyal (two ran)
3 carpenters stayed loyal and given 25g each
-3 mahogany cannon mounts
-ship repairs

burning bodies of mayara outside the west gate
bury the king

++++Session 15 notes:
Grogar opened Jor Doken's vault with use of inspiration

Grix - Given Chaos and Anarchy + Half Plate (3 days)XXX 
   Comfortable Improvement (no more disadvantage on stealth roles)
   +2 damage on the weapons (20 hits)
   +2 damage on the dagger for Grogar (15 hits)
   
Noble Family was discovered within a saferoom of a noble home, persuaded to not be hostle
   - 11 gold returned that was taken from the bedroom
   - now responsible for real estate in Mayara
   - control of the west dock, 1 warehouse at north dock
   
Rimardo's House
   - old key
   - green feather
   - mechanical contraption drawing
   
Grogar aquires the Dodo Bird power

Keiger - [Kord] has his soul   

Acquired Regdar's sword hilt

Giant Shark slain - X
Hunted down some wolves - XXXXXXXXXXX
Carpenters completed the cannon mounts on the Sailing ship      

++++Session 16 notes:
  [Royal Armoror Grix] - adding a silver blade to the regdar's sword hilt 
  
  Statue of Pelor from the [Fiore] temple of elysium - Cleric focus
  
  bringing the 21 servant (Marta) with them to [Augsburg]
  
  Augsburg [Marines] presence:
  1 captain
  2 officers
  10 privates
   
  Taman given anarchy to "check out"
  
  Draconic - child slave trade "Koloss fruit"
  
  Greg and [Kerri] escaped with [Martin Terratio] to [Gorda]
  Mayor Ubring agrees to have the town of [Augsburg] migrate to "3 Helms Deep"
  
++++Session 17 notes:
  5 days to [Gorda] from [Augsburg] in the sailing ship  
  
  Edan gets attunement lvl 1 of Regdar's Radiant Hilt
  
  Edan buys [Darvin], Kreiger buys [Fargrim], Croaker buys [Thia], Grogar buys [Yevelda], Vulcan buys [Krusk] 
  
  defeated Don Krieg in the arena, and the town is now fully aware. 
  
  Announcer name is Stor
  
  Taking [Queen Larissa] from [Don Kreig]'s quarters at the colliseum. 
  
++++Session 18 notes:
 Set bounties on [Marines] 
 offering 25g for captains, 5g for officers, 2cp for privates  
 
 Fargrim learning mage hand from kreiger
 [Lightning] joins the crew envious of thier wealth
 [Queen Larissa] thrown overboard between Arabasta and Gorda
 
 going to the blooming orchid in [Gorda], Anton, Lightning and Darvin head behind the brothel
 
 Anton and Lightning gets charmed, and spend a night 20g each
 Grogar gets charmed
 
++++Session 19 notes:
Croaker - Thia - Darvin - Vulcan - Fargrim waiting by the blooming orchid

Kidnapped Greg from his home - put him in the brig on the ship - tortured him that night into revealing where Martin went.

"2 horses to the barn ma mule yea"

Add enchanter shop to Ak'anon

Croaker wagers 100g that Edan wins
Kreiger wagers 200g that Edan wins
        wagers 100g that Grogar gets second
Vulcan wagers 100g that Edan wins
Edan wagers 500g that he himself wins
[Taman] wagers 15g that Edan wins
Entries:
Grogar - wagers 20p 45g that Grogar gets 2nd place
Anton - 
Lightning - 
Edan - 

Finals: Edan - Grogar - Grom Malamoog - Robert Culliford

++++Session 20 notes:
haggles Leeran down to 5500g per fruit

[Krieger] eats the Dragon fruit
[Croaker] eats the Bear fruit

[Edan] achieves attunement level 2 of Regdar's Radiant hilt
-drains Greg 3 times to charge the sword.

5 horses found in the cave of tiamat
-group tames 5 Draft horses
-loaded onto ship

Lander Koll defeated by Lightning with help of Grogar and Edan
-Lander was furious about the death of his friend Ron Schnopps
-Lander Koll is drained -3 CON to restore the power to Regdars Radiant hilt

Lightning fishes with the corpse of Lander Koll and attracts 3 sharks which are then killed.

Croaker discovers the nature of his Fruit power

the group escorts Robert Culliford & crew to the archipalego of Mahogany

++++Session 21
Robert Culliford joins the group to 3 Helms Deep
-keeps his crew on the ship

Tension between Mayor Ubring's hired marines and some of don krieg's men is making people uneasy

Edan buys Luthadel tapestry for 8g for Mr Maej

Grix goes to talk with Mayor Ubring about being a Reagant of 3 Helms Deep
Prescilla the servant is given the day off
-the palace is clear of people

5 on top
7 middle

Battle with Robert Culliford's crew:
-Darvin killed in the cross fire when attacking Robert's ship
-Maps to places not traveled yet on Roberts ship
-looted 2000g 

TODO - new maps/locations
     - eldrich blast correction
     
Carpenters guild improving Grogar's carpenter's quarterstaff with shark 6 large teeth     

Mayor TODO:
    - do census
    - set taxes
    - building treasury
    - trade
    
    Sold to Shirrong
    18g studded leather x4  (gnomish)
    7s dagger   x35
    3g short sword  x61
    25g chainmail  x52
    9g shortbow  x61