++ Felwithe

Old ruined city of high elves in [Faydwer] destroyed long ago by ancient Iksar armies during the rise to power of [Venril Sathir]

It's walls look at if they would have been brilliant in their prime, but are but a pale resemblance of what they must have been.
A few tall structures still stand intact.



++++Converted Shrine of Kadi's Husk
 _________
|         |
|_ _____ _|
|____ ____|
A humanoid [Mistwraith] named [Oliander] stands vigil in front of a statue of a woman whose skin is covered in thousands of scars. Hair that flows like fire over her shoulders, wearing armor adorned by skulls, and a single skull on her right hip.

A plaque with Draconic writing sloppily etched upon it sits at the base of the statue:
"Kadi, may you never have progeny, and may you never return to cull this world."


++++Palace of Tearis Thex
A concecrated building, that does not see the wear and tear of the rest of the ruins, though in a demolished state. An ancient order of paladins once called this thier temple, and a paladin king, [Tearis Thex] home. Looting the kings corpse will yield:

-Corroded Platemail of Tearis Thex (-2 AC), a holy armor that offers the wearer resistance to necrotic damage
    -Elvish Inscription on the inside: Nerissia Irontree (used to be a smith at the Shop of all Holos

++++Ruined Wizard's Guild
several class rooms with rotted wood desks, but their tarnished brass metal adornments protrude like bones in a carcas.

A cabinet with a shattered window door holds many deteriorated lvl 1-3 Wizard scrolls
-5 are still legible, roll to randomly select what is found

A teacher's desk has a level 4 and 5 wizard scroll in it, still legible, roll randomly to select what is found
-tarnished wand of lightning bolts (pg 211 DM book) can be found in another drawer


++++Shop of All Holos
a structure in a very poor state, as if intentionally vandalized long ago.
-corroded iron ingots
-corroded iron rods
-corroded platemail (-3 AC)
-corroded short and long swords (-3 DMG)


++++Empty Home x3
-several owlbears
-ancient elven pottery, Elvish labels of "flour", "sugar", "sunflower seed", "corn"

