++ Good Group Notes

+++CALENDAR
1234567
XXXXXXX
X

[Quest 1]

[Session 3 Notes]
[Session 4 Notes]
++++Session 5 Notes:
They got audience with the [King Jor Doken], and provided the music box and banner of [Luthadel] to him. He failed to see significance of the music box, and was curious about the story behind the banner, and suggested he would be willing to accept another audience with the party to hear the story.

The group checked in with the aftermath of their vandalism of the Carpenter's guild, and attempted to sow the seeds of trouble by claiming the Mason's Guild was responsible. Showing a pulley they claimed to have found at the site of the incident as evidence.

They then set out to their boat, through the woods they first encountered the elk from the night before looking for food again, but upon back tracking, it had been attacked by wolves, which they then faught a difficult battle and triumphed over. They hauled much meat back to their ship and reviewed their belongings.

They noticed the mummified arm of [Tharizdun] had re-merged together, and promptly chopped it into more pieces in response. They also spent two more days trying to brute force the safe open, and finally succeed. [Kieran Maon] ended up eating the fruit inside, obtain a smelly power of sorts and a lack of tolerance for salt water.

++++Session 6:
  pre-game notes: cross-game changes, another boat being worked on at the north dock via evil group.
  -the group has slain the Griffin Ghan Bopps requested killed, and are entitled to 40 gold  

++++Session 7:
  intimidated Ghan Bopps into giving 60 gold for the gryphon.
  sold 100 gryphon feathers to yanny at 1s each
  
  offered services to escort a trade ship from [Fiore] to [Ak'anon] (provided 500lbs of food and 4 [Marines])
  compensation is 2g per day per person (5 days, 10g x 4, 40g total)
  [Geth] was mentioned as a new recruit and accepted the offer to join along.
  
  the trip:
  -the trade vessel will have 6 commoners on a keel boat
  random encounter on a D6:
  1-2 - [Don Kreig] vessel is encountered with 8 crew members + 1 leutenant + 1 slave from Arabasta 
  3-4 - turbulent storm for 3 days straight (toward Dun Morhen)
  5-6 - no problems until Ak'anon, where they witness a Don Kreig vessel being demolished by their cannon defence.

++++Session 8:
500lb -496 -492 -488 -484

2 marines on trade vessel
33 yrs old Shan
26 yrs old Kosef
2 on group's vessel

"what kind of insight can you offer?"
"can you give me pants?"
"dear hand i wish to be carried away to Luthadel"
"definitely not stolen" + carpenter's guild

Gnome - Orryn helped the group navigate around, cried for the guards when Keiran stole a potion

Keiran aprehended for stealing from the Alchemist shop.

++++Session 9:
REMEMBER: heroes need to add their 100 adventuring experience.

THE JUDGEMENT
Offense Witness: Orryn
Offense Prosecutor: Alchemist Gerbo
Offense Lawyer: Warren

Defence Witness (if they join): [Jack the Slumberjack], [Kyra Usagi]
Defence Prosecuted: [Kieran Maon]
Defence Lawyer: Beren
