++ Legend of Regdar

BOOK, located in the carpenter's guild of Mayara library.
It has been transcribed several times throughout history and it's assumed to no longer be an accurate tale.

The book "The Legend of Regdar" tells the epic tale of the human fighter of legend, [Regdar].
Over 4000 years ago, he faught with the god of trickery, [Tharizdun], who was destroying the land now known as [Fiore]. Many ash mounts sprouted around the island due to Tharizdun's presence. Back then, the island was populated solely by elves, and they cared tremendously for the wealth of nature the island had to offer. They however were powerless against a god, a god who's choas and trickery enjoys ruining with the lives of these elves, giving them unexpected abilities for his amusement. Some elves found that they would occasionally turn into strange creatures, others felt their very existence alter. Regdar however, a human who had traveled here seeking to save this great elven region, believed that there are no gods, but strong individuals, and that he could put an end to this. He too was affected by Tharizdun's trickery however. It's said that Regdar became able to focus small pieces of other creature's life forces into items. Living a life of combat, he was quick to adapt to his situation, and used it to his advantage. He supposedly spent 3 days and 3 nights putting small pieces of life force from every creature of the island into a blade. Then faced Tharizdun near the center of the main island of Fiore. With one tremendous swing of his blade, he struck Tharizdun with so much force that his very essence was severed, also creating the great fjord found on modern day Fiore. Regdar himself had some of his own life force invested in his blade, and as the energy released, he too dissapated along with his blade. The elven druids of the land later discovered the severed remains of the fallen god, and sealed Tharizdun from ever returning.    