++ Luthadel

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rICzaVlDxBU

A dark gloomy city in [Norrath] 
Luthadel is ruled by the God King [Venril Sathir]
Speaks Draconic, common, dwarvish, elvish

Next in the heirarchy are [Steel Inquisitor]s, who have undergone a transformation to make them more dragonlike. They are lawful evil and are responsible for keeping order in luthadel. Can sense metal.

A strong nobility of Iksar live here, almost all of them own slaves, a mixture of other common races, called Skaa as a slur.
Primarily speak Draconic, but speak common to Skaa.
(use Lizardfolk pg 204 of monster handbook)

Skaa are the poor people, often enslaved conquored people, or prisoners who are non-iksar common races. (commoners)
Many live in underground criminal thieving groups, that are saught by the heavy eyes of Steel Inquisitors

Major noble houses:
[House Salazar](rich, powerful, largest militarized nobility, does specialized assassination work) 
  -blacksmith
    -all weapons - (pg 149)
      -traditional Iksar Longsword (+1) - 30g 
    -all armors - (pg 145)
      -Iksar Champion's Plate (Str 16 req) 18AC, Fire Resistance - 1700g
  -black market
    -assassination of a skaa - 20g
    -assassination of a Luthadel noble - 200g
    -assassination out of Kunark - 100g
[House Zasheir] (rich, mining mithril and "other" metals with hundreds of skaa)
  -metals
    -gold 50g per pound
    -silver - 5g per pound
    -copper - 5s per pound
    -iron - 1s per pound
    -tin - 1s per pound
    -zinc - 5s per pound
    -bronze - 1g per pound
    -brass - 2g per pound
    -mithril - 100g per pound
    -platinum - 500g per pound
  -black market
    -dimeritium - 20g per pound (anti-magic properties)
    -etherium - 40g per pound (magic properties)
[House Zolis] (rich, farming plantations with hundreds of skaa)
  -medium to high quality food vendors
  -slave auction house
  -black market
    -slave brothels
[House Stayanoga] (rich, inter-continental trade employs many skaa)
  -materials
    -snake skin - 2s each
    -crocodile skin - 1g each
    -all non-metal "trade goods" (pg 157) (price x2)
    -horses
        -warhorse 500g
        -draft 60g
        -riding 90g
        -pony 40g
    -saddles
        -traditional Iksar - 60g
        -pack - 5g
        -riding - 10g
    -boats
        -keelboat - 3100g
        -longship - 11,000g
  -black market
        -Order of Steel Warship 20AC 300HP - 30,000g      

Areas of interest:
several market areas run by skaa
    -squalor level food stalls
    -squalor level inns
    -general supplies
       -clothes, shoes, brooms, other house supplies
city square
    -where occasional public executions happen
Temple of the [Order of Steel]   
    -main one by the God King's Palace where [Head Bishop Skarjun] resides
    -Skaa Temple North
    -Skaa Temple South
       -both have 3 [Steel Inquisitor]s and many Brothers from the Order of Steel
The God King's Palace     

There are several groups of criminal skaa in Luthadel, one such group had close ties with [Renegade Leader Kelsier] who in recent history made an escape from [Kunark] with about 50 refugee skaa. A smuggler, [Dockson] was responsible for getting in touch with the [Golden Hand] who helped turn the tide and allow their escape.
Other members of this group include: (use DnD thug pg 350)
    -[Clubs] human, a weak wizard who has the ability to conceal magic
    -[Spook] halfling, a weak wizard who has the ability to detect magic
    -[Ham] half-orc fighter
    -[Dockson] halfling smuggler rogue
    -[Breeze] elf, a weak wizard who can quel emotion
To be contacted, one must go to the butcher's shop at the southern skaa market, and ask for a "Hunk of beef" while tapping a pattern on the counter:   - - - - <pause> - - - - <pause> 
then you'll be told it won't be ready for a while but you can wait inside. Proceed, and you will be concealed and allowed access to go inside and head to the sewers through the far-side cupboard. Leading to the group's hideout.