++ Quest 1

WELCOMING CINEMATIC
The world is large and vast with many islands. 
	Islands of the world are often developed with unique cultures and often result in different technologies and life styles. It is common to find wide varieties of melee weapons throughout the world, and occasionally gunpowder weapons. Most cultures develop though based on the resources their island has mostly available. 
	The biggest point in recent history is the death of a man named [Golando David Rogers], who was the captain of a crew that earned him the title of Pirate King. He proclaimed in his last words at his execution that his treasures from his life as a pirate were hidden away and that it is free for the taking for whoever can find it. Upon these words, the current era known as the Great Age of Pirates emerged, with those bold enough to search for Golando's treasure. The treasure is rumored to include vast amounts of gold, the finest weapons and instruments from around the world, and provide enough wealth and power to those who find it to live just as grand of a life as Golando himself.
	In response, the [World Government] was formed between many island nations, and they fund the organization known as the [Marines], for world-wide law enforcement and peace keeping. The Marines can't always keep up with the massive crimes done by pirates around the world, and occasionally offer bounty rewards to willing people or groups for the apprehension of key targets. The world government also employs particularly good natured pirates who are too powerful to be dealt with otherwise for their unlawful actions, this group of select pirates go by the name Warlords of the Sea. With these efforts in place, peace is kept well in the majority of the world.
	Also in this world, a force known as Akuma Fruit exist. Upon consumption, they grant great power to the consumer at the cost of losing their ability to swim in the ocean. Such that all motor functions shut down while in the ocean and they sink to their fate. 
END CINEMATIC

CHARACTER CREATION


The first day is a common day on Augsburg, the city can be explored and is primarily a role playing type of event.


AUGSBURG CINEMATIC
A nice fresh smell of a calm farming lifestyle fills your senses. The land here is flat and fertile. The people here work hard to tend to it, various crops are grown here including corn, wheat, lettuce, beans and potatoes.  Fishing is also a common practice here, as there are no raised livestock for meat in people's diet. The whole island probably is large enough to contain 30 crop fields run by several different farming families. Our heroes today find themselves at the start of on an off-day from work from their respective professions and can explore the town. The weather is sunny and nice. Everyone is currently at the town Bar/Inn, the Crying Clam where they each have a respective room.

Interesting places in the town include the Crying Clam that everyone is current located, market square, the marine outpost, the shipping docks, the restaurant Greg's Grub, and the mayor's house.
END AUGSBURG CINEMATIC


Entities of interest:
-Marine Outpost: with 5 marines. Located near the docks so they can keep an eye on their small vessel (sailboat). 
    -Recruitment poster: "we want YOU! Help defend justice!"
	-Marine vessel: not armed for combat, but is built sturdy for traveling far on the ocean.
		Type: sloop
	-Wanted posters in front of the marine outpost:  
		Pirate Admiral [Don Kreig](250 Gold)
		[Rex The Smasher](150 Gold)
		[Redbeard The Unlucky]( 20 Gold) PAID OUT TO Kieran

-Docks:  run by Dock Master Mc Rock a task oriented person who likes to meet his deadlines. He is currently working on building another fishing boat for the town. 
	-Dock Master Mc Rock will attempt to give strong characters (14+) some work in order to finish the boat by tomorrow, this will consume the rest of the day for the character. (+2 silver per point of strength is earned) 

-Market Square: Merchants include:  
	Grocer for common foods and herbs. Run by Anabel, the mayor's daughter.
		-fish, corn, bread, potatoes, beans, herbs(dandelion, thistle)	
	Farming Supply for tools and hardware supplies. Run by Lenny, a common man.
		-pitch forks, scythes, tilling tools, seeds, hammers, nails
	Pawn Shop for odd items. Run by the weird Mr. Maej, resembling a hunchback. 
		-Used swords, Used shields, music boxes, jewelry, rare seashells.
	Fishing Supply for fishing supplies. Run by Henry, a common man. 
		-nets, rods, bait, sails, rope. 
	News Stand run by a child named Gabe who yells "EXTRA EXTRA, READ ALL ABOUT IT, DON STRIKES AGAIN!"
		-Headline "Another ship of [Don Kreig]'s pillages a shoreline village of Arabasta, Damage is devastating"
	Greg's Grub a small restaurant run by Greg. Serving various type of fish and vegetables. Greg is an entrepreneur who believes in the fabled "All Blue" that has all a chef could ever want.
	The Crying Clam a small bar that serves a few imported alcoholic beverages. Operated by Dave, a relaxed fellow.	Inside can be found [Redbeard The Unlucky] who the Marines were too unlucky to spot as he entered the town. He is depressed and drinking his sorrow away. His ship is located on the southern side of the island. 
		Type: Sailboat

-Mayor Ubring's House: This is the major's house, he's a jolly man who enjoys the peaceful life of Augsburg. He has a son who works as a Dockworker, Jordan, and a daughter who works the town's Grocer, Anabel. In a safe located in his room, an Akuma Fruit can be aquired. Lockpicking difficulty 25 is needed to open it. Only the mayor has the combination. 




Day Two
An unexpected raid by one of Don Kreig's Navy vessels attacks the island. The Heroes are awakened early in the morning by the shouting of a farmer running in on horseback through the town. (Perception Check of 10] "HELP HELP! ITS DON KRIEGS MEN!" The total number of pirates raiding the farmland at this point is 20, scattered and plundering for valuables. A barn is shot by some of the cannons from Don's vessel and is set ablaze. Our heroes can see the smoke from the town on their side of the island. 

There are also another 3 men stationed to guard their Vessel. Some are cooks and other non-combat related crew members (Commoners). The Leader, Lieutenant Ned (stats under [Don Kreig], is in charge of the vessel.
	Ship Type: Sail Boat
	Loot: in a chest in the cargo hold, from a previously plundered island can be found several gold (10d6) and a randomized Akuma Fruit, random roll for trinket
	   Barrels, rations, drink, 5gp worth of trade goods

Upon hearing the shout, the 5 marines (guards) quickly mobilize with their short swords and head out to stop the attack. If the party hears and reacts to the Perception check, they react at the same time and will have an opportunity to join them. 

If unassisted they will die, killing 10 Krieg thugs before going down. 10 Thugs left. 
	Solider Stats => [Marines] 
One will run back, bloody and wounded informing the rest of the village to flee on whatever vessels available before collapsing.

If heroes can take down at least 5 thugs, the rest will be defeated by other townsfolk or retreat. (2 for first encounter, 3 for next)

If heroes decide to flee the island, Krieg Thugs will loot and continue to attack the island, but not pursue heroes.
If heroes counter Krieg thugs, Krieg Thugs retreat
if heroes are in a life threatening situation, [Redbeard The Unlucky] will save the day, if heroes fight alongside him, Redbeard will offer heroes to join his crew. 
	(everyone nearby redbeard rerolls successful hits, they reroll twice if they are an enemy.)

Opportunity Heroes may attempt to join Redbeard the Unlucky's crew, or persuade him to join THEIR crew (difficulty 15)

Opportunity Heroes may use a vessel to evacuate the island and form own crew.

Opportunity Heroes may attempt to join Krieg Thugs via a persuasion skill (difficulty 20)
